
## correspondence

### 2019-04-05

**RL** D2 presentation notes.

If most apps are in the 0-10 dollar range, it should be graphed to show
that

Make sure the conclusion you draw is explicitly shown by the graph,
i.e., the logic of the graph supports the logic of your display.

As we discussed, these data do not meet the strict definition of
multiway data, but you may be able to use these data in a scatterplot.

### 2019-03-29

**RL** D1 presentation notes

Excused absence so you’ll have to make up the work. Make sure you
complete the presentation prompts in the assigned Rmd document, save,
commit, pull, and push to GitHub.

All the tutorials and exercises are online. Work through them all as
soon as you can to make sure you haven’t missed any small details of
coding or rhetoric.

There has been about a week now without any progress. This could be a
problem for you if you cannot manage to make up the missed work,
especially the time that would have been devoted to acquiring relevant
data to work with.

### 2019-03-25

**RL** You should have a README.Rmd that has been edited per the
detailed instructions in last week’s portfolio lab. Please try to make
up the work as soon as possible. As the weeks go by it gets harder and
harder to make up lost time.

If your install of graphclassmate does not include the data in the
package, it probably has to do with Rtools and the current R version.
I’ll post a tip on this asap.

I don’t see any data except exercise data sets. I would have hoped that
by now you would have been examining some data for graphing, even if a
graph wasn’t ready. I can’t emphasize enough how important it is that
you work ahead on acquiring data that meets the data requirements for
the various displays. This is the single biggest obstacle that has kept
past students from being as successful as they might have been.

You have a RDS data file in your top level directory. Please move it to
the correct directory. This was caused by not using a relative file path
in your `speedski_carpentry.Rmd`. You wrote this in a code chunk,

    saveRDS(skidf,"speed_ski.rds")

that should have been this

    saveRDS(skidf,"data/speed_ski.rds")

**AS response**

### 2019-03-12

**RL** Please use the `github_document` output for your R markdown
documents

### 2019-03-10

**RL** You had not yet created the .Renviron file, so I did it for you.
Please make sure you create the independent package library as described
[here](https://github.com/DSR-RHIT/me447-visualizing-data/blob/master/cm/cm902-software-studio.md#create-the-renviron).
This step is important for seamless collaboration.

**RL** I’ve revised the prompts for the week 2 reading. Please create
your reading response file as described
[here](https://github.com/DSR-RHIT/me447-visualizing-data/blob/master/cm/cm902-software-studio.md#setup-reading-response).
Remember to complete your responses in writing before class on Tuesday.
<https://github.com/DSR-RHIT/me447-visualizing-data/blob/master/reports/reading-prompts-1.Rmd>

### 2019-02-10

**RL** I will use this Rmd file for corresponding with you about your
portfolio. Entries will be dated and listed in reverse chronological
order–that is, with the most recent at the top of the page. You should
record your responses directly below, for example:
