
``` r
library("knitr")  
opts_knit$set(root.dir = "../")  
opts_chunk$set(echo = FALSE)  
```

\#\#Introduction Black Friday is one of the most celebrated holidays in
America. Lining up perfectly with Thanksgiving this holiday attracts
people from all sorts of backgrounds. This display looks at people from
different occupation backgrounds and ages and looks at their purchasing
power

\#Requirements This display meets requirements for D2.

  - Observations :500 after sampling
  - Quantitative variable: Purchase: Amount in dollars purchased
  - Qualitative variable: Occupation (1-20), Age (7 categories) City
    Category
(A,B,C)

\#Prose

![](../../../Desktop/School/Senior/Data%20Visualization/ME447-singhab/figures/0402-multiway-black-flip.png)<!-- -->
*Display 1: Multiway Plot of Black Friday Customers based on Age and
Occupation*

The data for this graph was really large hence I had to sample it. I
chose sampling without replacement to get discrete data. I also
refactored the categories to the Purchase column to sort out the data
points.(Robbins, 200) The use of colour here is beneficial as it clearly
helps us distinguish between the different cities. The distinct colours
are used for that purpose.

One can instantly see that BlackFriday attracts maximum amount of people
from 25-45 age group. For this same age group Occupations 1,7 and 4 are
quite common. We can also see that a lot of the B City population is
quite spread out throughout the occupations.

In conclusion, we wanted to see what age group is the most targeted
during Black Friday and we can conlude by saying that it is the 25-45
age group as the end up doing a large portion of the purchases

## References

<div id="refs" class="references">

<div id="ref-Robbins2013a">

Robbins N General principles for creating effective graphs. *Creating
More Effective Graphs*. Chart House, Wayne, NJ, 154â€“225
<http://www.nbr-graphs.com/resources/recommended-books/>

</div>

</div>
